---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "elasticstack_kibana_fleet_package_policy Resource - terraform-provider-elasticstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a new Fleet package policy.
---

# elasticstack_kibana_fleet_package_policy (Resource)

Creates a new Fleet package policy.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `agent_policy_id` (String) Agent policy to add this package to.
- `input` (Block List, Min: 1) List of inputs to configure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--input))
- `name` (String) Name of the package policy.
- `package` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Integration package to configure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--package))

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the package policy.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the package policy.
- `vars_json` (String) JSON-encoded string containing root level variables.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input`

Required:

- `policy_template` (String) Name of the policy template containing the input (see the integration's manifest.yml).
- `stream` (Block List, Min: 1) Input level variables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--input--stream))
- `type` (String) Input type.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the input.
- `vars_json` (String) JSON-encoded string containing input level variables.

<a id="nestedblock--input--stream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input.stream`

Required:

- `data_stream` (String) Name of the data_stream within the integration.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled enable or disable that stream.
- `vars_json` (String) JSON-encoded string containing stream level variables.



<a id="nestedblock--package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `package`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the package.
- `version` (String) Version of the package.


